Copy edit 5.16 guides (#2010)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/guides/deploying.md

</div>
<!-- Diagram source: https://www.lucidchart.com/documents/edit/475f950e-2770-4bf7-af73-57bc834cebdd/1 -->

<p style="text-align:center"><i>Sensu clustered architecture with embedded etcd and PostgreSQL event storage</i></p>

In load testing, Sensu Go has proven capable of processing 36,000 events per second when using PostgreSQL as the event store.
See the [sensu-perf project repository][10] for a detailed explanation of our testing methodology and results.

#### Create and maintain clusters

Sensu's embedded etcd supports initial cluster creation via a static list of peer URLs.
After you create a cluster, you can add and remove cluster members with etcdctl tooling.
See [Run a Sensu cluster][7] and the [etcd documentation][4] for more information.

#### Networking considerations

Clustered deployments benefit from a fast and reliable network.
Ideally, they should be co-located in the same network segment with as little latency as possible between all the nodes.
We do not recommend clustering backends across disparate subnets or WAN connections.

> Although 1GbE is sufficient for common deployments, larger deployments will benefit from 10GbE, which allows a shorder mean time to recovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although 1GbE is sufficient for common deployments, larger deployments will benefit from 10GbE, which allows for faster replication between cluster members, reducing mean time to recovery.
```
